Finally our third step is to put our answer in terms of X that means we do not want any use in our answer.
So the answer is through you to the second power times to X we want to substitute this you by it's X
equivalent right x squared minus five.
In this case.
So that's exactly what we did here 3.
And then this is you that was substituted by x squared minus five.
I remember we say that you equals x squared minus 5 in step 1.
So we did this already.
We're just putting it back in terms of x 2 x y and minus 5 to the second power times 2 x.
And here we simply simplified and we said three times 2 x 6 x times x squared minus 5 to the second
power.
This is our derivative.
And I just moved it over here so we could have her answer right here.
All right.
So again general it's not bad at all but it can be tricky at the beginning.
Maybe you looked at this problem and you have no idea what's going on.
Maybe it kind of makes sense but you feel that you need more practice.
If that's the case don't worry we'll do problems and we'll get it into your head for now just remember
ugly daily X-Box.